Introduction 
The software application that we want to design as a company is called “ Fitness Incorporation ”. Fitness Inc. will be an innovative application for physical health. As a business, we are designing this application for every physique. The goal of this company is to help everybody feel confident with their body, significantly throughout the features we implemented in the application. One of the main reasons that individuals are lacking in their health is improper consumption of food and nutrients. Fitness Inc. will contain features such as intake and burned calories database, sleep tracking and personalized Diet Plans. This application will assist one in restoring their poor physical health to help them strive in their daily routine. 
In our team, we brainstormed many ideas to make this application user-friendly with many beneficial features. Fitness implemented features that will assist in their day-to-day life. The most accommodating feature we believe will be the personalized diet plans generator (PDGP). This generator first prompts the user several questions such as Body Mass Index (BMI), what is your average time spent on workout per week? and what is the ideal weight you would like to achieve? With the information that is provided by the user, our system will analyze. Therefore, the methodology elicits that the user may or can be underweight, normal or overweight. According to the BMI, our application Fitness Inc. will propound the meals one should consume to achieve their desired body weight. In addition to this, Fitness Inc. has spent its finances in research and development (R&D). With this research, a profound feature was added, for example, the calorie counter. This will use the accelerometer in one's phone to precisely count the number of steps taken to calculate the burned calories. For instance, if the consumer burned more calories than the given target, the PDGP will be notified by the calorie counter stating “Intake more calories”. This is a useful feature to help one to stay in control of their health. Furthermore, our application has a sleep tracking feature. This feature gives the recommended sleep per one's age range. Fitness Inc. is suitable for ages 13 plus. With this state-of-the-art technology, one can track their sleep in great detail. One can set up after their sleep schedule. the application will prompt the user for a sleep goal target. According to the sleep goal information one can set up bedtime and wake-up time the software will automatically generate the number of hours slept by the individual. The minimum recommended hours by our application is 8 hours per night. The quality of sleep one has per night is a critical aspect of this application. With wearable devices, one can track their REM sleep. All of this information is saved in the database where one can take a look at any given time. Our technology also monitors snoring levels. a notification will be pushed to the user's devices stating that your snoring levels have increased. Most importantly this application tracks the beats per minute (BPM). For many individuals, this is a great feature to ensure there are no spikes in the BPM. For any type of drastic decrease or increase in their BPM, the user will be notified.
Fitness inc. is available on different platforms such as android, ios and smartwatches etc. as this is a graphically intensive application an integrated GPU is a major necessity. One’s device must meet all minimum requirements to run this application. Due to the fact fitness inc. As a tracking application additional sensors such as GPS, gyroscope and accelerometer are mandatory. For android, the minimum requirements are that one's device should have at least 350 Mb for just installation. Additional storage will be required to save any encrypted files to the device. Fitness inc. for android is compatible with smartphones running Android 8 and up. Random Access Memory (RAM) is an essential element in the application as it is required to run everything smoothly and efficiently. The minimum requirement for Random Access Memory is 500 Mb. Correspondingly, iOS has similar requirements to efficiently run the application. The requisite to install Fitness Inc. for iOS is 600 Mb. The latest version of iOS is recommended by the developer to run the application but we currently only support iOS 12 and later. Similarly, additional space is also required to save any encrypted files to the device. Considering fitness inc is better optimized for iOS it only requires 200 Mb of RAM. For both operating systems, a stable internet connection is a basic requirement. This application is available, both for Watch os and wear os. The requirements are identical for the wearable device as it requires 100 Mb of storage. The RAM requirement is 500 Mb. The watch must include sensors such as NFC (near field communication), GPS, Accelerometer and Heart rate sensor. These are requirements that help one effectively use all the features with ease. Without these sensors, one will not be able to use the application as described.
 Our organization places a high value on meeting the expectations of its customers. Fitness Inc invests extensively in research and development to achieve high quality of service (QoS). Users should anticipate that our application will not deplete their battery life. Considering battery life is such an important aspect of smartphone health. To preserve battery life, the developers engineered the software to be minimalistic. Furthermore, consumers should expect their personal information to be safe and secure. Our organization strongly claims that users' personal information, such as BMI, calorie intake or burnt, sleep data, and heart rate BPM, will be treated confidentially. Nevertheless, Fitness Inc. will be available in a variety of languages to provide the most user-friendly experience possible. Lastly, the most crucial expectation that the client must have is that their healthcare will be constantly monitored. Assuring that the user receives accurate results for the activities to be conducted plus calories burnt in accordance with the objective set. Users will receive push prompts to encourage individuals to walk around to keep fit and motivated. Members will be able to examine their BPM and REM sleep statistics.

At Fitness Inc. our team of developers takes security very seriously. All the information that fitness inc collects will not be shared with our database or third-party applications. The data will be Advanced Encryption Standard (AES)  encrypted which means that all information is heavily secured and will be much harder for hackers to decode. Fitness Inc. will also have 2-Step Verifications to ensure that only you can access your account. Moreover, we give priority to our customer feedback. There will be a feedback forum in the application which will ask for any problems or bugs that one will encounter. This will help our experienced developer to push updates regularly to ensure that our application is reliable. Customer expectations should be met and exceeded. Customers will need to allow access to system settings, storage and gallery. These are important permissions to deliver the best exposure to the application. System settings are required to find one's location and time zone. In addition, the storage permission is for saving all data on the device itself to meet the encryption standards. The gallery is to track the progress of one's physical body. One will be allowed the feature to take pictures each month to view their progress. Fitness inc is designed with the latest technology in mind. Our application guarantees that any interaction will be completed within 3 seconds. At present, due to being a legal requirement our company's application is only available to download in North America and will be available worldwide in the upcoming summer of 2022.
